Dominic Fiorelli
11/21/2025
CSC299
Final Project Summary

Throughout the quarter, working on this project has been a very interesting learning experience. Starting with Task 1, my understanding of the project wasn’t fully there just yet. I originally thought we were supposed to have the task manager as a rough idea of the project. I tried to come up with a few different ideas that included it, but they also had other features that made them more personal to me. My prototype was indeed a task manager, but it had aspects of an RPG game, where as you complete tasks that you have created for yourself, you would level up and gain experience for completion. After the first project was graded, I quickly realized that all we needed was a simple task manager, and then we would experiment with the different things we learned throughout class.
From the beginning, I have been using Claude.ai as my LLM to help me complete each task assigned. I would give it a prompt and a few more descriptors of what I would like in my project. Test the code it provided me, then come back and adjust different aspects. I did try to use ChatGPT and Copilot a few times, but I found I got the best experience from Claude. Like I mentioned, I would start with a broad idea for the tasks, then fine tune it to be more precise to what I was looking to achieve. I really liked how Claude would break down the different parts of the project and provide an explanation of how the code worked. 

Some problems I ran into throughout the course were getting comfortable using the terminal and GitHub. All of the documentation you provided helped me understand and allowed me to figure out most of my issues. If there were ever any further problems that I was still struggling with, I would provide Claude with the information on what I was trying to achieve. What I had attempted as well as the error messages I encountered. Some examples of these issues I was dealing with were the organization of files. I believe it was during task 3 that we needed to install UV and have the package create the file layout for us. Mine was creating it slightly differently from what I was expecting. Claude would assist me in asking for the current structure and what I was trying to run, and it helped me solve my errors.

Task 4 was the one that I ran into the most issues with. I followed the directions that were demonstrated in class, and still couldn't quite figure it out. Im not too sure the ork around I found was exactly correct, but it did end up working for me and I was finally able to get spec-kit working on my project. Using CoPilot for this was definitely a bit of a setback for me, getting so comfortable using Claude. After taking some time to work through it and test different things out it started to make more sense to me. I found that the way it asks to implement the code and automatically does it right away, a little more difficult to digest and fully comprehend what was going on. It felt more like a train that couldn't stop, whereas Claude felt more like a bus with multiple stops. I could take a second to understand before moving on.  
